and it came to pass when Jabin king of
hazel heard these things that he sent to
jobab king of maidan to the king of
Shimla to the king of our chef and to
the Kings who were from the north in the
mountains in the plain south of kynareth
in the lowland and in the heights of
door on the west to the Canaanites in
the east and in the West the amorite the
hittite the perizzite the Jeb you sight
in the mountains and the height below
Hermon in the land of mr. so they went
out they and all their armies with them
as many people as the sand that is on
the seashore in multitude with very many
horses and chariots and when all these
Kings had met together they came and
camped together at the waters of Mira to
fight against Israel but the Lord said
to Joshua do not be afraid because of
them for tomorrow about this time I will
deliver all of them slain before Israel
you shall hamstring their horses and
burn their chariots with fire so Joshua
and all the people of war with him came
against them suddenly by the waters of
mirin and they attacked them and the
Lord delivered them into the hand of
Israel who defeated them and chased them
to greater Sidon to the brook misra
faith and to the valley of Mizpah
eastward they attacked them until they
left none of them remaining so Joshua
did to them as the Lord had told him he
hamstrung their horses and burned their
chariots with fire
Joshua turned back at that time and took
Hazen and struck its king with the sword
for Heiser was formerly the head of all
those kingdoms
and they struck all the people who were
in it with the edge of the sword utterly
destroying them there was none left
breathing when he burned Heiser with
fire so all the cities of those kings
and all their kings Joshua took and
struck with the edge of the sword he
utterly destroyed them as Moses the
servant of the Lord had commanded but as
for the cities that stood on their
mounds Israel burned none of them except
haze or only which Joshua burned and all
the spoil of these cities and the
livestock the children of Israel took
his booty for themselves but they struck
every man with the edge of the sword
until they had destroyed them and they
left not breathing as the Lord had
commanded Moses his servant
so Moses commanded Joshua and so Joshua
did he left nothing undone of all that
the Lord had commanded Moses thus Joshua
took all this land for mountain country
all the south all the land of goshen the
lowland and the Jordan plain the
mountains of Israel and its lowlands
from Mount Halleck and the ascent to see
even as far as Bale GAD in the valley of
Lebanon below Mount Hermon he captured
all their kings and struck them down and
killed them Joshua made war a long time
with all those kings there was not a
city that made peace with the children
of Israel except the high vice the
inhabitants of Gibeon all the others
they took in battle
for it resolved the Lord to harden their
hearts but they should come against
Israel in battle that he might cut early
destroy them and that they might receive
no mercy but that he might destroy them
as the Lord had commanded Moses and at
that time Joshua came and cut off the
Anakim from the mountains from Hebron
from diba from a Knab
from all the mountains of Judah and from
all the mountains of Israel
Joshua utterly destroyed them with their
cities
none of the Anakin were left in the land
of the children of Israel they remained
only in Gaza in Gath and in Ashdod so
Joshua took the whole land according to
all that the Lord had said to Moses and
Joshua gave it as an inheritance to
Israel according to their divisions by
their tribes then the land rested from
war
[Music]